there are monsters who dwell in our
nightmares the creatures of unspeakable
horror plotting to destroy mankind but
in this world there are warriors who
have the courage to confront this evil
where are you
you
yes the original screen team is back
featuring all your old friends and
starring the world's hungriest hero
scooby-dooby-doo join Scooby and his
pals as they go from unmasking phony
monsters to searching the country for
real cases of the supernatural they
venture deep into the Louisiana bayou to
a mysterious island haunted for 300
years they come to the right place
peoples go into that by you and they
don't never come out here in this one
you will learn the secret of moonscar
island as our heroes battle the forces
of darkness and worst of all they seize
mahajan peak Oh
what were you doing out here there's
something suspicious about that gardener
yeah he is suspicious but he is kind of
cute you'll have a beautiful view of the
Harvest Moon tonight I hope you'll be
comfortable here what's going on it was
a nightmare
Miz lanois I went outside to wait for
you when we were buddies
but there's always a logical explanation
for these things
what's that so come along with scooby
and all the gang in their most
frightening mystery ever scooby-doo on
Zombie Island because this time the
monsters fall